yeah same love peace world peace what is
it I don't like that I can't leave ya lo
Pei all dead Steve well I broke your
tree forever all right good financing it
for Christmas to be done forever look
injunction on his car and drove away
goodbye suckers was driving away yes oh
that actually my fear is it really good
Bigfoot sucks his own dick Snoopy sucks
Kanye's dick haha no Josh just told us
if he did it yeah assface I don't know I
don't know I've seen Michael Keaton fuck
I don't know I've seen Michael Keaton
become a living snowman what's to say he
didn't become a living Jo wash wants to
say he didn't turn into a living Josh
yeah good one one more one more one more
I don't know right back because I what's
to say he didn't turn into a living josh
s hole so like I'm get it right maybe I
might be maybe and then maybe maybe
what's he lost the work maybe i'm just
gonna do babies good Josh US Senate
against Christmas forever maybe Josh
really just Michael Keaton underneath
all that Josh skin maybe
mm-hmm no more maybe maybe Hollywood Los
Angeles Angels Angela flip that look at
walsh Angeles the moon no we gotta go up
to the North Pole good oh I got what we
got the coverage let's just do one more
for see ya all right ready action guys
action there watch out oh come on down
woman well hey boys sorry is a sexy
let's do more are you gonna do just
waste around waist around its to the
Jews ravaged it and yeah also look at
the nudie mag okay okay yeah yeah that
sounds pretty good guys it stopped on it
what is wrong all right hey Christmas
said Christian who vanquishes hockey's
early this year what are you gonna do
just waste away up here yeah look oh
that's pretty reasonable actually oops
yeah they were tickets it from after his
reaction after his I'm a professional
will be looking wats fine e man how it
over her face that's fine what I do you
men have a lot yeah that's not it again
yeah what are you gonna do just waste
away to nothing up here no I look at the
test what's what are you gonna do up
here what are you what's your life what
is it now fair enough mm-hmm think about
that you don't need to say lies Mike I'm
sorry all right think about it take you
know just take account of what your life
is no no denne denne denne denne about
it a1 a2 a3 hark the herald angels
all say glory to the newborn King peace
on earth and blue cheese mild I'll dip
wings in it yum yum okay no do as much
as you know it Wow no well no well no
well no well born is the king of no Eve
me presents I deserve it I've been good
i touch myself once if I saw you in no
good shit make it out your son in yet
haha oh hey you're my house great i'm
saying this year and also while
Christmas is cancelled PS forever come
from that you can't on can't hide from
Santa I know if you've been naughty all
you've been nice daddy has talks to me
mmm see them titties you can't hide them
from me yeah look of snow globes sorry
one more but just like the hand up
higher a little bit do one more like
angrier great same intensity just one
more one more good one water hit 110
we're just like separate good no more
good let's do all good
no more does really good happy holidays
shop what a great call back gonna do it
what is that from your glass personal
time oh really nice a holidays English
why do you like fucking yeah all right
ready we did it we did it we really did
we did yeah yes really really low slow
and exaggerated irish scottish with with
with all done